# 05 Ponder : Weekly Reflection

1. Describe one challenge your team experienced working on the Android activity.
The most difficult thing we had to overcome was making sure our applications would run on devices. Some of
us are using real devices and some of us are using the emulator, which meant we had to figure both out and
they each have their own puzzles to solve.



2. What is the difference between an Activity and an Intent?
An activity is the basic piece of an application that displays to a user and that they interact with. An
intent is the way that those components and activities can send data to eachother and trigger new
activities.


3. Describe how the onCreate() callback works.
onCreate is the first callback that gets called in an Activity when it is being created. It can be used in
to initialize important data.



4. What's the biggest challenge you've experienced regarding Android development compared to pure Java development?
The challenge I've had to get over is trying to get a grasp on Android API concepts. Why do Intents
change activities? What the heck is a UI thread? Stuff like that.



5. After completing the assignments this week, what questions do you still have?
None.


6. A common Android-related interview question is "What's the difference between onPause() and onDestroy() and what kinds of things might you do in those functions?". How would you answer that question?
onPause gets called when the activity is about to lose focus. The application can still onResume after that.
However, onDestroy is when an application is closed. Boom. It's gone. You'll have to start over at this
point.


7. Of all of the resources and tutorials in this week's assignments, which was the _most_ helpful to you and why?
The android docs were the best. They were the only ones that actually explained how anything was done.


8. Of all of the resources and tutorials in this week's assignments, which was the _least_ helpful to you and why?
I guess that API levels? it's good to know where we're at but I'll not think about it again for a while so
its value was very little to what we had to accomplish.


9. How many hours did you spend on this class this week?

05 Prepare - 2 hours
05 Teach - 1 hour
05 Prove - 2 hours
05 Ponder - 30 minutes
----------------------------
Total Hours - 5.5hours
