# 04 Ponder : Weekly Reflection

1. Describe one challenge your team experienced working on the GitHub activity.



2. What are the advantages to using a version control system like git?
I think that managing changes is the best feature of using a VCS like git. Plus, when
combining it with a remote like Github it make collaboration night and day easier!


3. What is the difference between git and GitHub?
Git is the VCS, but it only works for local projects and source code, however Github is
an online service that allows users to collaborate using their git.


4. What is the purpose of branching in git?
It allows the ability to make changes to the code without having to worry about
breaking other pieces of the code. If you are making changes on a non-master branch,
you can do whatever you want and then just go back to previous state if you need.


5. Imagine you're working as a software developer for someone who doesn't have any experience with programming. How would you describe version control and git to your employer?
Essentially, it's a way to manage and track changes made to the code. This means that we
can know what changes are introduces, by who, when, and we can use that information to
track when bugs are introduced or switch back to previous versions.


6. After completing the assignments this week, what questions do you still have?
None.


7. A common git-related interview question is "How do you revert a commit that has already been pushed and made public?". How would you answer that question?
Burn the project to the ground and start over. Well, either that or you could just git reset and force push.



8. Of all of the resources and tutorials in this week's assignments, which was the _most_ helpful to you and why?
I am actually pretty familiar with git, but I really liked
https://learngitbranching.js.org/ since it does a good job with the visualization of
the processes.



9. Of all of the resources and tutorials in this week's assignments, which was the _least_ helpful to you and why?
I didn't think that https://www.katacoda.com/courses/git was that great. The lessons
were pretty basic and underwhelming.


10. How many hours did you spend on this class this week?

04 Prepare - 1hr
04 Teach -
04 Prove - 1hr
04 Ponder - 20min
----------------------------
Total Hours -
