# 01 Ponder : Weekly Reflection

1. Describe one challenge your team experienced working on the Hello World activity.
The biggest challenge was trying to figure out a good workflow. It was just interesting to see the need for
the javac command to compile and the java command to run the compiled class code.


2. For the NSA Cryptography assignment, what did you learn about how Java parameter passing differs from C++?
I learned that Java is ALWAYS pass by value, but that the value is a reference. It's kind of weird but still
makes sense to me.


3. Did you complete the Stretch Challenge for the NSA Cryptography? If so, briefly describe what you did, and how you structured your code.
I did. I ended up using a do-while loop that stops when the user has inputted a password that meets the security criteria. I also created a
default constructor for a user so that it wouldn't need the password before it could be instantiated. That way you could use a do-while loop
instead of a loop that did some initialization beforehand.


4. What did you learn from comparing your code to the teacher's solution?
I learned more about the "final" keyword. I put my scanner at the top of the one method getting called, but the instructer added it as a
final/const static variable.


5. After completing the assignments this week, what questions do you still have?
I don't have any direct questions. I am going to see if there are any "nice" ways to do compilation/running from the command line instead
of having to a full IDE just to rune my code. (Just because I like to use ATOM with a terminal to do a lot of my work.)


6. If you were getting paid to work on this week's Prove assignment and you had another month to work on it, what would you add?
First thing I would do is remove the output of user data. It doesn't really make sense to go through the hassle of hashing a password
just to print it in plain text to the console.


7. A common Java interview question is "What are javadocs and when should they be used?". How would you answer that question?
Javadocs are html documents that are generated by the comments in your java code. They can be used to document your classes and show them
in elegant ways.


8. Of all of the resources in this week's Preparation assignment, which was the _most_ helpful to you and why?
The things that helped me the most were the code snippits as well as the first "team" assignment. They were the most helpful because
as nice as it to read about a language, I feel like I never understand it until I see it and I write it.


9. Of all of the resources in this week's Preparation assignment, which was the _least_ helpful to you and why?
Honestly, this one was hard to answer. This week included so much information to help us get started that a lot of it just got forgotten after
I read it anyway. Then I had to go back to some documents after. Maybe the explanation of hashing? or the great Adobe hack? I dind't even
look at the guide to using slack because I've used it plenty before.


10. How many hours did you spend on this class this week?

01 Prepare - 1 hour
01 Teach - 1 hour
01 Prove 1st Attempt - 1.5 hours
01 Prove 2nd Attempt -
01 Ponder - 30min
----------------------------
Total Hours - 4 hours
