# 07 Ponder : Weekly Reflection

1. Did you fulfill all aspects of your team agreement this week, or if there was an infraction, did you fulfill the appropriate accountability measure? (If not, please explain.)
We did. There were a few member not in attendance, but there was some notice given.


2. Did you hold your teammates accountable for upholding their commitments this week? (If not, please explain.)
Yes.

3. Are there any concerns regarding your project or your team that you want the teacher to know about?
There's nothing pressing right now. I believe we've previously discussed any team issues.


4. What is the purpose of a UML class diagram?
It helps to describe the way the classes and pieces of your code can interact with one another.
It also helps to explain possible methods and such.


5. What are some benefits of the MVC pattern?
One of the benefits of the MVC pattern is that you can have your data and your "state"
in a single source of truth and your application can update to reflect the internal data.


6. What are some drawbacks to the MVC pattern?
It can be complex to implement and it seems like there's even a lot of disagreement regarding
what "actual" MVC is. MVC? MVP? MVVC? Who knows!


7. A common design-pattern interview question is "Describe the difference between the MVC pattern and the MVP variant.". How would you answer that question?
In MVP, the presenter is more loosely coupled which means it can be easier to test.



8. How would you explain to a new developer why they should go through the trouble of using the MVC pattern?
It makes it a lot easier to separate your stuff. Since your models, views, and controllers are all separate then you can make changes
to one without it breaking the others.


9. Give an example of when the MVC pattern would be overkill for a project.
MVC is probably overkill when you're working with a pretty simple application, like one that doesn't have very many views.


10. How many hours did you spend on this class this week?

07 Prepare - 1hour
07 Teach - 1hour
07 Prove - 3hours
07 Ponder - 30 minutes
07 Team Project - 1 hour
----------------------------
Total Hours - 6.5 hours
