# 02 Ponder : Weekly Reflection

1. Describe one challenge your team experienced working on the Vacation Calendar activity.
Learning the syntax for a java enum and how to use it was kind of a challenge for me.


2. For the Game of Life assignment, what advantages do you see in using interfaces to define creature behaviors, rather than subclasses?
One of the advantages that i saw was that classes could sort of pick-and-choose which aspects of functionality they wanted to implement instead
of inheriting all of the methods from ancestors that they may not need.


3. Did you complete the Stretch Challenge for the Game of Life Assignment? If so, briefly describe what you did, and how you structured your code.
The biggest piece of the stretch goal that I added was a Granny class. As the Granny moves it spawns flowers--which are a subclass of Plant that
simply overrides the getColor method--and a Granny knows to move perpendicular to a wolf.


4. What did you learn from comparing your code to the teacher's solution?
I learned about the clone method. When I created a new to-the-left point for babies, I created a new point with the new key word. Clone is much easier!


5. After completing the assignments this week, what questions do you still have?
I looked at the docs for some of the graphics stuff but didn't quite get a good grasp of it. Is there a good place to start with understanding some of that better?


6. If you were getting paid to work on this week's Prove assignment and you had another month to work on it, what would you add?
I would probably expand upon the "health" system that a lot of the classes implement but didn't mess around with too much. It would be interesting to be able to
"build" a whole ecosystem.


7. A common Java interview question is "describe the difference between an interface and an abstract class". How would you answer that question?
A class in Java can implement multiple interfaces, but it can inherit from only one abstract class. Inheritance also inherits from all the parent classes of the parent.


8. Of all of the resources in this week's Preparation assignment, which was the _most_ helpful to you and why?
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/java/java_interfaces.htm
I liked this one because it explained interfaces but also showed an example of the code-use of them.



9. Of all of the resources in this week's Preparation assignment, which was the _least_ helpful to you and why?
https://docs.oracle.com/javase/7/docs/api/java/awt/Graphics.html
Mostly because they were intimidating and I didn't have a lot of time to deconstruct them.



10. How many hours did you spend on this class this week?

02 Prepare - 1hr
02 Teach - 1 hr
02 Prove 1st Attempt - 3hrs
02 Prove 2nd Attempt -
02 Ponder - 30 min
----------------------------
Total Hours - 5.5 hours
